a fair game
abond the armorsmith
agent human
amber conduction unit
amber imp
amberspine mongrel
anahita the trader
ancient yurk
angwish
archimedes
armageddon cloak
aubade the grim
backup copy
bad penny
banish
barehanded
baron mengevin
barrister joya
begone
bellowing patrizate
bilgum avalanche
binate rupture
binding irons
bingle bangbang
blinding light
blood money
blood of titans
bloodshard imp
bonerot venom
bordan the redeemed
bouncing deathquark
brain eater
brain stem antenna
brammo
brend the fanatic
brobnar ambassador
bronze key imp
bulleteye
bumblebird
burn the stockpile
camouflage
carpet phloxem
challe the safeguard
champions challenge
chaos portal
charette
chota hazri
collar of subordination
collector worm
combat pheromones
containment field
cowards end
cowfyne
crazy killing machine
creeping oblivion
culf the quiet
cull the weak
curiosity
custom virus
customs office
cutthroat research
cybergiant rig
deipno spymaster
destroy them all
destructive analysis
dharna
director of zyx
dis ambassador
doorstep to heaven
drummernaut
duma the martyr
dusk chronicles
duskrunner
duskwitch
dust imp
dysania
earthbind
eater of the dead
entropic manipulator
entropic swirl
epic quest
equalize
eureka
exhume
exterminate exterminate
extinction
eye of judgment
eyegor
fanghouse
fetchdrones
fila the researcher
first blood
flamethrower
flamewake shaman
flaxia
fogbank
foozle
forgemaster og
free markets
full moon
furtive investors
fuzzy gruen
gamgee
ganger chieftain
gargantes scrapper
gatekeeper
gauntlet of command
glimmer
glyxl proliferator
gold key imp
golden aura
gongoozle
gorm of omm
grasping vines
gravid cycle
groggins
groke
grommid
grovekeeper
grump buggy
grumpus tamer
guard disguise
gub
haedroths wall
hallowed shield
harland mindlock
healing blast
heart of the forest
hecatomb
heist night
help from future self
helper bot
hexpion
hidden stash
hideaway hole
hypnobeam
hypnotic command
hysteria
incubation chamber
inka the spider
interdimensional graft
into the fray
invasion portal
iron obelisk
ixxyxli fix finger
jargogle
key abduction
key charge
key of darkness
key to dis
killzord mk 9001
kindrith longshot
king of the crag
knowledge is power
knoxx
knuckles bolton
labwork
lamindra
lash of broken dreams
lava ball
lethal distraction
library of babble
library of the damned
life for a life
lifeward
lifeweb
lights out
lion bautrem
little niff
little rapscal
logos ambassador
lollop the titanic
longfused mines
lord golgotha
lupo the scarred
mack the knife
marmo swarm
mars ambassador
mars first
mars needs amber
martian generosity
martian hounds
martyrs end
maruck the marked
master the theory
memory chip
miasma
might makes right
mighty lance
mighty tiger
mimicry
mindwarper
mindworm
misery exploit
mother northelle
mothergun
mothership support
mugwump
murkens
natures call
neffru
nepenthe seed
nerve blast
neutron shark
niffle grounds
nightforge
not finished with you
nyzyk resonator
oath of poverty
ogopogo
old yurk
one stood against many
one two punch
onyx knight
opal knight
orb of invidius
orbital bombardment
ortannu the chained
ortannus binding
oubliette
overlord greking
ozmo martianologist
pain reaction
pandemonium
panpaca anga
panpaca jaga
perilous wild
perplexing sophistry
persistence hunting
phloxem spike
phoenix heart
pile of skulls
pip pip
piranha monkeys
pitlord
plague rat
pocket universe
poke
poltergeist
pos pixies
potion of invulnerability
pound
prince derric unifier
proclamation 346e
professor sutterkin
project zyx
protect the weak
punctuated equilibrium
quantum fingertrap
quicksand
qyxxlyx plague master
radiant truth
red hot armor
red planet ray gun
redacted
redlock
regrowth
relentless assault
remote access
replicator
research smoko
restringuntus
rigged lottery
ring of invisibility
rock hurling giant
rocket boots
ronnie wristclocks
rothais the fierce
routine job
roxador
rustgnawer
sack of coins
sample collection
sanctum guardian
save the pack
scientifical hack
scowly caper
screechbomb
seismo entangler
selwyn the fence
seraphic armor
shadow of dis
shadows ambassador
shard of greed
shard of hate
shard of hope
shard of knowledge
shard of life
shard of pain
shard of strength
shatter storm
shield of justice
shooler
sigil of brotherhood
signal fire
silver key imp
sir marrows
skeleton key
skullion
skybooster squadron
sloppy labwork
smite
smith
sneklifter
sniffer
soldiers to flowers
song of spring
soul snatcher
soulkeeper
sound the horns
special delivery
spyyyder
standardized testing
storm crawler
strange gizmo
streke
subtle maul
sucker punch
swindle
take hostages
take that smartypants
tantadlin
teliga
tentacus
tezmal
the common cold
the curator
the flex
the grey rider
the harder they come
the spirits way
the sting
the vaultkeeper
the warchest
they're everywhere
three fates
throwing stars
timetraveller
tireless crocag
titan librarian
titan mechanic
tolas
too much to protect
total recall
transposition sandals
treasure map
tremor
tyxl beambuckler
umbra
unlocked gateway
untamed ambassador
uxlyx the zookeeper
veemos lightbringer
vezyma thinkdrone
war grumpus
way of the porcupine
whistling darts
wild wormhole
witch of the wilds
world tree
wretched doll
xanthyx harvester
yantzee gang
yurk
yxilx dominator
yxlyx stimrager
yzphyz knowdrone
zorg
zysysyx shockworm
zyx researcher