a fair game
ammonia clouds
ancient bear
anger
annihilation ritual 
anomaly exploiter
arise
armageddon cloak
autocannon
bad penny
bait and switch
banner of battle
barehanded
batdrone
battle fleet
bear flute
begone
bigtwig
bilgum avalanche
biomatrix backup
blinding light
blood money
blood of titans
blypyp
booby trap
bouncing deathquark
brain eater
brain stem antenna
briar grubbling
brothers in battle
bulleteye
bulwark
bumpsy
burn the stockpile
cannon
carlo phantom
champion anaphiel
champion tabris
champions challenge
chaos portal
charette
charge
chota hazri
chuff ape
cleansing wave
clear mind
collar of subordination
combat pheromones
commander remiel
commpod
control the weak
cooperative hunting
cowards end
crazy killing machine
creeping oblivion
crystal hive
curiosity
custom virus
customs office
dance of doom
deep probe
deipno spymaster
dew faerie
dextre
dimension door
doc bookton
dodger
dominator bauble
doorstep to heaven
dr escotera
drumble
duma the martyr
duskrunner
dust imp
dust pixie
dysania
earthshaker
eater of the dead
effervescent principle
ember imp
emp blast
epic quest
ether spider
evasion sigil
experimental therapy
faygin
fear
feeding pit
fertility chant
finishing blow
firespitter
flame wreathed
flaxia
fogbank
foggify
follow the leader
francus
full moon
fuzzy gruen
gabos longarms
ganger chieftain
ganymede archivist
gatekeeper
gateway to dis
gauntlet of command
ghostly hand
giant sloth
glorious few
gongoozle
gorm of omm
grabber jammer
grasping vines
grenade snib
grey monk
grommid
guardian demon
guilty hearts
halacor
hallowed blaster
hand of dis
harland mindlock
hayyel the merchant
headhunter
hebe the huge
hecatomb
help from future self
hidden stash
honorable claim
horseman of death
horseman of famine
horseman of pestilence
horseman of war
hunting witch
hypnotic command
hysteria
imperial traitor
incubation chamber
inka the spider
inspiration
interdimensional graft
invasion portal
iron obelisk
irradiated amber
jammer pack
jehu the bureaucrat
john smyth
kelifi dragon
key abduction
key charge
key hammer
key of darkness
key to dis
kindrith longshot
king of the crag
knowledge is power
krump
labwork
lady maxena
lash of broken dreams
lava ball
library access
library of babble
library of the damned
lifeward
lifeweb
lights out
lomir flamefist
longfused mines
loot the bodies
looter goblin
lord golgotha
lost in the woods
lupo the scarred
macis asp
mack the knife
magda the rat
mantle of the zealot
martian hounds
martians make bad allies
mass abduction
master of 1
master of 2
master of 3
masterplan
mating season
miasma
mighty javelin
mighty lance
mighty tiger
mimicry
mind barb
mindwarper
mobius scroll
mooncurser
mother
mothergun
mothership support
mugwump
murmook
mushroom man
natures call
nepenthe seed
nerve blast
neuro syphon
neutron shark
nexus
niffle ape
niffle queen
nocturnal maneuver
noddy the thief
novu archaeologist
numquid the fair
oath of poverty
old bruno
one last job
one stood against many
orbital bombardment
oubliette
overlord greking
ozmo martianologist
pandemonium
pawn sacrifice
perilous wild
phase shift
phoenix heart
phosphorus stars
phylyx the disintegrator
pile of skulls
pingle who annoys
piranha monkeys
pit demon
pitlord
pocket universe
poison wave
poltergeist
positron bolt
potion of invulnerability
protect the weak
protectrix
psychic bug
psychic network
punch
quixo the adventurer
qyxxlyx plague master
radiant truth
raiding knight
random access archives
red hot armor
red planet ray gun
regrowth
relentless assault
relentless whispers
remote access
replicator
research smoko
restringuntus
reverse time
ring of invisibility
ritual of balance
ritual of the hunt
rock hurling giant
rocket boots
rogue ogre
round table
routine job
sacrificial altar
safe place
sample collection
sanctum guardian
save the pack
scout
scrambler storm
screaming cave
screechbomb
seeker needle
selwyn the fence
sequis
sergeant zakiel
shadow self
shaffles
shatter storm
shield of justice
shooler
shoulder armor
sigil of brotherhood
silent dagger
silvertooth
skeleton key
skippy timehog
sloppy labwork
smaaash
smiling ruth
smith
sneklifter
sniffer
snudge
snufflegator
soft landing
soul snatcher
sound the horns
spangler box
special delivery
spectral tunneler
speed sigil
squawker
stampede
staunch knight
stealer of souls
strange gizmo
subtle maul
succubus
swap widget
take hostages
take that smartypants
teliga
tendrils of pain
tentacus
terms of redress
the common cold
the harder they come
the howling pit
the spirits way
the sting
the terror
the vaultkeeper
the warchest
three fates
timetraveller
tireless crocag
titan mechanic
tocsin
tolas
too much to protect
total recall
transposition sandals
treasure map
tremor
troll
troop call
truebaru
tunk
twin bolt emission
ulyq megamouth
umbra
unguarded camp
urchin
uxlyx the zookeeper
valdr
veemos lightbringer
vespilon theorist
veylan analyst
vezyma thinkdrone
vigor
virtuous works
wardrummer
warsong
way of the bear
way of the wolf
whispering reliquary
wild wormhole
witch of the eye
witch of the wilds
word of returning
world tree
yo mama mastery
yxili marauder
yxilo bolter
yxilx dominator
zorg
zyzzix the many