a fair game
a vinda
academy training
alaka
alakas brew
ambertracker
ancient power
anomaly exploiter
armsmaster molina
auto legionary
axiom of grisk
babbling bibliophile
bad penny
ballcano
barehanded
barn razing
beasts bane
bellowing patrizate
berserker slam
binding irons
blood money
bloodshard imp
book of leq
borr nit
borr nits touch
bramble lynx
breaker hill
brend the fanatic
brobnar plant
brutodon auxiliary
buzzle
calv 1n
camouflage
candle unit
captain val jericho
cauldron boil
centurion stenopius
chain gang
chans blaster
chant of hubris
chaos portal
chief engineer walls
chieftains brew
cincinnatus rex
city gates
city state interest
cloaking dongle
code monkey
collar of subordination
com officer kirby
commander chan
cowfyne
cowfynes brew
crash muldoon
crassosaurus
crazy killing machine
creed of nature
creed of nurture
creeping oblivion
curiosity
customs office
cutthroat research
cxo taber
cybergiant rig
data forge
daughter
deepwood druid
demons bane
dendrix
dexus
dinosaurs bane
diplo macy
dis plant
discombobulator
disruption field
doctor driscoll
dr milli
draco praeco
draining touch
duskrunner
dysania
eater of the dead
edai edie 4x4
ee on the fringes
eldest bear
encounter suit
entropic swirl
etaromme
exhume
exile
explo rover
eyegor
fangtooth cavern
favor of rex
festering touch
fetchdrones
fidgit
finch cloak
first officer frane
flamethrower
flamewake shaman
flaxia
fogbank
force field
forgemaster og
forging an alliance
franes blaster
fuzzy gruen
fyre breath
galactic census
gambling den
ganger chieftain
garcias blaster
gargantes scrapper
gargantodon
gebuk
general order 24
ghostform
ghosthawk
giant gnawbill
giants bane
gleeful mayhem
good of the many
grasping vines
gravelguts
gravid cycle
greater oxtet
grimlocus dux
groke
grokes brew
gron nine toes
grons brew
groupthink tank
grumpus tamer
guji dinosaur hunter
hapsis
harbinger of doom
harmonia
harvest time
hecatomb
helmsman spears
hidden stash
hit and run
hock
hologrammophone
hugger mugger
humans bane
hunter or hunted?
hyde
hysteria
igon the green
igon the terrible
imperial forge
imperial road
imperial scutum
imperium
imprinted murmook
impspector
infomancer
information exchange
information officer gray
infurnace
ingrams blaster
inka the spider
inky gloom
instrument of silence
interdimensional graft
into the night
irestaff
iron obelisk
j vinda
jargogle
kaloch stone father
kangaphant
key charge
key of darkness
key to dis
keyforgery
khrkhars blaster
kirbys blaster
knowledge is power
kompsos haruspex
kymoor eclipse
lateral shift
lava ball
lay of the land
legatus raptor
lesser oxtet
lethal distraction
library of polliasaurus
library of the damned
lieutenant khrkhar
light of the archons
lilithal
little rapscal
livia the elder
logos plant
longfused mines
lord invidius
low dawn
mab the mad
mack the knife
malison
manchego
master the theory
medic ingram
mega alaka
mega cowfyne
mega ganger chieftain
mega groke
mega gron nine toes
mega mogghunter
mega narp
mega shorty
memolith
memory chip
mimic gel
mimicry
mini groupthink tank
misery exploit
mogghunter
mogghunters brew
molephin
molinas blaster
moor wolf
mug
mugwump
musthic murmook
narp
narps brew
natures call
navigator ali
neffru
nepeta gigantica
neutron shark
nizak the forgotten
no safety in numbers
nogi smartfist
noname
not finished with you
nurse soto
obsidian forge
odoac the patrician
ogopogo
old boomy
onyx knight
operations officer yshi
orator hissaro
orb of invidius
ortannu the chained
ortannus binding
oubliette
overrun
panpaca anga
panpaca jaga
paraguardian
peace accord
perilous wild
pestering blow
phalanx strike
philophosaurus
pile of skulls
piranha monkeys
plasma nozzle
pocket universe
poltergeist
pos pixies
positron bolt
power of fire
praefectus ludo
prescriptive grammarbot
primus unguis
psionic officer lang
punctuated equilibrium
qincans blaster
quadracorder
quant
quantum fingertrap
questor jarta
quicksand
quintrino flux
quixxle stone
ragnarok
ragwarg
reassembling automaton
red alert
regrettable meteor
regrowth
remote access
replicator
rhetor gallim
rigged lottery
ring of invisibility
rock hurling giant
ronnie wristclocks
rotgrub
roxador
rustgnawer
sack of coins
sanitation engineer
saurian plant
saurus rex
saury about that
sci officer morpheus
sci officer qincan
scientifical hack
scientists bane
scowly caper
seismo entangler
self bolstering automata
selwyn the fence
senator bracchus
senator shrix
sensor chief garcia
shattered throne
shorty
shortys brew
sic semper tyrannosaurus
signal fire
sinestra
skeleton key
sk√∂ll
skullion
slimy jark
smith
snag
snaglet
snags mirror
sneklifter
song of the wild
soul fiddle
soul snatcher
soulkeeper
sow salt
spartasaur
special agent fingers
special delivery
spike trap
spyyyder
star alliance plant
stealth mode
stilt kin
stomp
strange gizmo
stunner
subtle chain
subtle maul
symon
tachyon pulse
tactical officer moon
tantadlin
tautau vapors
techivore pulpate
teliga
terrordactyl
tertiate
the big one
the callipygian ideal
the colosseum
the evil eye
the feathered shaman
the fittest
the flex
the floor is lava
the golden spiral
the grim reaper
the quiet anvil
the red baron
the shadow council
thero centurion
thieves bane
thorium plasmate
three fates
timequake
titan guardian
toad
too much to protect
transporter platform
treasure map
tremor
tribune pompitus
tribute
tricerian legionary
triumph
trust no one
twin bolt emission
umbra
uncharted lands
united action
universal keylock
universal recycle bin
universal translator
unnatural selection
unsuspecting prey
untamed plant
velum
vineapple tree
walls blaster
war grumpus
warriors refrain
we can all win
weasand
whisper
wild spirit
wild wormhole
witch of the wilds
wormhole technician
wretched doll
xenos bloodshadow
xenotraining
yantzee gang
zap
zenzizenzizenzic